the film starts while showing a squad of
three girls competing with the soldiers
a girl rin attacks a soldier on his head
and cuts it into two parts seeing it the
other soldiers being scared starts
shooting her she calls rey for help who
is another member of their squad coming
there she starts tearing apart the head
of the soldiers who were firing seeing
it all the soldiers get scared and start
running back now we see the third member
yoshi who blows his head by blowing
poison inside him now we are told that
the squad of these girls is called the
mutant grill spawn and this whole movie
is based on them moving further we are
being told the story of a month ago
herein is with her family and her
parents tell her that there is a
surprise for you tonight she gets very
happy hearing this and goes to school
but as soon as she goes to school
all her happiness ends because some
girls there start bullying her and start
throwing shoes on rim as she goes to her
classroom she sees a lot of garbage on
her desk and seeing this makes her very
angry here we see that her hand starts
shaking very badly due to what she runs
away after worrying a lot she decides to
cut it and when she was cutting her hand
with a sharp blade she feels there is
someone behind her and when she looks
back her classmate rey is standing there
she tries to talk to rey but she ignores
her and moves on now the girl who was
bullying rin starts apologizing to her
but all this was fake because at the
same time she attacks rin causing rin to
fall unconscious now when rin regains
consciousness she notices that she is
tied to the bed with a belt she asks the
doctor for her glasses to which the
doctor tells her that she will no longer
need them because you are no longer a
human but a mutant she is shocked to
hear this and when the doctor is going
to give her injection she sees very
strange changes in her body like her
blood particles are moving rapidly and
her eyes turn from brown to black a
sharp wire emerges from her hand which
cuts off the doctor's ear now getting a
chance rin runs away from there when
ring comes home her parents give her a
birthday surprise but she is not happy
seeing it but starts crying now his
father gets up and starts explaining
something to him and says that we have
to tell you something very important he
takes off his shirt and seeing her
father's body she feels weird because
his body organs were out of his body and
it was looking ugly she gets very scared
seeing this but her mother calms her
down rin moves away from her and asked
if you are also like him her parents
were about to tell her something but
suddenly no split soldiers attacked them
now her mother's head gets blasted by
their attack and with this the leader of
the nose bullets attacks his father with
his sword and sever his head which goes
straight and falls on the cake seeing
all this ring gets angry and again the
same changes start happening in her body
due to which her hand turns into a
powerful hand now she kills all the
soldiers with the help of this hand and
when their leader comes she first cuts
off his hand and anger after this all
the soldiers come together to attack rin
but shockingly her father's body gets up
and his head guides the body her father
kills all the soldiers and tells her to
leave but she is not safe even after
going out because some people try to
kill her there too here rin gets very
angry and she kills the man by slicing
his head into three pieces it plays in a
live transmission from there rin goes
into a restaurant where the servant
comes forward to help her but she gets
scared seeing her hand seeing this the
male servant gets scared and attacks her
with a knife but she defends herself
with her hand and the knife goes
straight and enters the female servant's
forehead causing her to die there as
soon as she leaves the restaurant ren
encounters many people who have come to
kill her she confronts them all and
starts killing them very mercilessly now
after killing so many people she starts
enjoying it now she gets emotional after
seeing so many dead bodies because she
killed them all just then a man comes
from behind who is about to shoot her
but rin doesn't save herself anymore
because she wanted to die because she
thinks that she has killed many people
and now it is better for her to die that
man was about to kill rin but a man
named kissaraghi slits the neck of that
man she looks intently at the man who
was accompanied by her classmate rey now
rin is brought to a school where mutants
are taught about their power here we see
an iron mask on wren's face now in this
scene we are told about mutants who have
been living here long before humans
lived here when humans started living
here they started killing mutants and
completely destroyed their life after
class girls start bullying rin here too
now all the girls start showing their
powers and seeing this ring gets upset
and starts running from their butt race
stops her and tells her that you are
like us and will stay with us now just
then a nurse named yashi comes running
she is very nice and she behaves with
her nicely she tells her that this mask
will be removed from her face when she
gets to use his powers now she tells ray
that kisaragi has called her and when
she goes to him there's a fire there and
the girl was lying on a bed the
environment was showing that kisaragi is
doing some experiments on the girl and
then he also tells rey that you will
train rim because no one else can do
this task except you now we see rin
training with all the other girls rey
gives her a suit and tells her to wear
an end fight with her now as they both
were fighting rin attacks ray's suit
causing electric shock and she falls
away ray tells her that this suit has
its own powers and now you have to take
care of the power of this suit as well
rin wants to drink water but she
couldn't because of the iron mask then
yashi gives her a straw now in the next
scene we see kisaragi who kills three
people just to please his goddess on the
other hand rey attaches rin to a machine
that will enhance her powers due to the
machine rin starts getting changes again
in her body due to which her hand also
changes now ring gets angry and attacks
rey causing her mask to break and fall
apart and kisaragi sees all this while
talking to rin kisaragi says that you
were very special your mask came off
before one year because you our daughter
of a human and a mutant you have a lot
of power now you have to use these
powers and do one thing for me he tells
about killing a general and he also
tells that we want to kill him because
he wants mutants to be completely
finished from here now the scene changes
and it is shown that people are very
much scared of rin's video in which she
killed many people that's why general
veruco has arranged a press conference
to calm down the people he tells that we
have made a robot that has a lot of
power and can easily fight with mutants
when he starts showing that robot yoshi
and rin stand there instead of the robot
they kill all the guards there being
scared hiroki runs away in fear and rin
starts chasing him when she is stopped
by one of the generals guards but ring
kills her with her own sword now ren
reaches the general and is about to kill
him but then the same robot comes there
who was made to fight mutants it was
about to kill ryan when yashi comes
there and she spits out some insects
that enter the robot's body and kill him
now kisaragi comes there and catches
heroki and kills him when they go out
rin sees that many innocent people have
also been killed there due to which she
becomes emotional meanwhile rey
transforms and splits a girl's head into
three because she was crying and asking
rin for help now all this bothers brin a
lot and she gets a vision in which her
parents ask her to listen to her heart
and don't follow what anyone else says
next we see that kisaragi came out from
behind her and killed her now when she
wakes up in fear yoshi is by her side
she asked yoshi if whatever happened
yesterday was okay yoshi does not
respond to this and they both get into a
fight during this fight both of them
realize that they are very good friends
and there is no use in this fight now
the girls of mutants academy start
creating havoc in the city rey is
injecting two mutant girls to enhance
their powers and when ray sees yoshi
imran she orders the mutant girls to
kill them here the scene shifts to
kisaraku where we see that he has caught
the president of japan the girl joshi
was fighting with accidentally kill each
other
yoshi now faces another mutant on whom
kisaragi was experimenting now we see
again the notes bullet soldiers who come
to fight kisaragu but here kisaragi
became very powerful because he had
awakened the goddess of mutants now we
see yashi with the mutant girl who makes
it caught on her hand from which the
fire comes out here yashi also attacks
the girl on the other hand rin and rey
are fighting and when rey gets a bit
weak rin makes her realize that it is
not right to kill humans like this and
wright realizes this and she also
realized that the one who instills
hatred in her heart is kisaragi kisaragi
is killing all the soldiers by beheading
them and is shouting that you cannot
escape from me you all have to die by my
hands now rey and ring come to take
revenge on kisaragi but kisaragi attacks
them rey pushes rin to save her on the
other hand yoshi uses her brain and
power to suck the mutant girl's powers
and kills her with her own powers now
she hears rin's voice and she
immediately goes to her taking the
mutant girl with her she makes the girl
attacks kisaragi do to which both
kisaragi and the girl get blasted now
they think about whether they should
save that president but that president
threatens to kill them by calling the
mutants so they kill him too thanks for
watching
please give us a thumbs up if you liked
the video and subscribe to get more
video explanations